config: deprecate file daemon as alias for client in FD config (#2187)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/Configuration/FileDaemon.rst

.. _FiledConfChapter:

> Client Configuration

Reviewer: The `=====...` should be exactly as long as the Header

:index:`\ <single: Resource; Client>`\  :index:`\ <single: Client Resource>`\

> The Client (or FileDaemon) resource defines the name of the Client (as used by the Director) as well as the port on which the Client listens for Director connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Client (or File Daemon) resource defines the name of the Client (as used by the Director) as well as the port on which the Client listens for Director connections.
```
We call it `File Daemon` everywhere else and `|fd|` also expands to `Bareos File Daemon`

Example Client Configuration File
---------------------------------

> An example Client file might be the following:

Author: you're right, i didn't pay enough attention to this. I should replace "File Daemon" only when whe're talking about the resource and not the entire config for the FD.

I reverted my changes on some other places too!
